README.md, before:

# C3D-tensorflow

## Requirements:

1. You must have installed the following two python libs:
a) [tensorflow][1]
b) [Pillow][2]
2. You must have downloaded the [UCF101][3] (Action Recognition Data Set)
3. Each single avi file is decoded with 5FPS (it's depend your decision) in a single directory.
4. Generate {train,test}.list files in `list` directory. Each line corresponds to "image directory" and a class (zero-based). For example:
```
database/ucf101/train/ApplyEyeMakeup/v_ApplyEyeMakeup_g01_c01 0
database/ucf101/train/ApplyEyeMakeup/v_ApplyEyeMakeup_g01_c02 0
database/ucf101/train/ApplyEyeMakeup/v_ApplyEyeMakeup_g01_c03 0
database/ucf101/train/ApplyLipstick/v_ApplyLipstick_g01_c01 1
database/ucf101/train/ApplyLipstick/v_ApplyLipstick_g01_c02 1
database/ucf101/train/ApplyLipstick/v_ApplyLipstick_g01_c03 1
database/ucf101/train/Archery/v_Archery_g01_c01 2
database/ucf101/train/Archery/v_Archery_g01_c02 2
database/ucf101/train/Archery/v_Archery_g01_c03 2
database/ucf101/train/Archery/v_Archery_g01_c04 2
database/ucf101/train/BabyCrawling/v_BabyCrawling_g01_c01 3
database/ucf101/train/BabyCrawling/v_BabyCrawling_g01_c02 3
database/ucf101/train/BabyCrawling/v_BabyCrawling_g01_c03 3
database/ucf101/train/BabyCrawling/v_BabyCrawling_g01_c04 3
database/ucf101/train/BalanceBeam/v_BalanceBeam_g01_c01 4
database/ucf101/train/BalanceBeam/v_BalanceBeam_g01_c02 4
database/ucf101/train/BalanceBeam/v_BalanceBeam_g01_c03 4
database/ucf101/train/BalanceBeam/v_BalanceBeam_g01_c04 4
...
```
5. If you want to test my pre-trained model, you need to download my model from here: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/8wcjrcadx4r31ux/AAAkz3dQ706pPO8ZavrztRCca?dl=0

## Run command:

1. `python train_c3d_ucf101.py` will train C3D model. The trained model will saved in `models` directory.
2. `python predict_c3d_ucf101.py` will test C3D model on a validation data set.

## Experiment result:

Top-1 accuracy of 72.6% should be achieved for the validation dataset with this code and pre-trained from the sports1M model. You can download my pretrained UCF101 model and mean file from here:
https://www.dropbox.com/sh/8wcjrcadx4r31ux/AAAkz3dQ706pPO8ZavrztRCca?dl=0

## References:

- Thanks the author [Du tran][4]'s code: [C3D-caffe][5]
- [C3D: Generic Features for Video Analysis][6]


[1]: https://www.tensorflow.org/
[2]: http://pillow.readthedocs.io/en/3.1.x/reference/Image.html
[3]: http://crcv.ucf.edu/data/UCF101.php
[4]: https://github.com/dutran
[5]: https://github.com/facebook/C3D
[6]: http://vlg.cs.dartmouth.edu/c3d/

Commit message:

commit -m 'add the convert.sh script to decode the video files'

README.md, after:

# C3D-tensorflow

## Requirements:

1. You must have installed the following two python libs:
a) [tensorflow][1]
b) [Pillow][2]
2. You must have downloaded the [UCF101][3] (Action Recognition Data Set)
3. Each single avi file is decoded with 5FPS (it's depend your decision) in a single directory.
    - you can use the convert.sh file inside the list to decode the ucf101 video files
    - run `python list/convert.sh .../UCF101/ 5`
4. Generate {train,test}.list files in `list` directory. Each line corresponds to "image directory" and a class (zero-based). For example:
```
database/ucf101/train/ApplyEyeMakeup/v_ApplyEyeMakeup_g01_c01 0
database/ucf101/train/ApplyEyeMakeup/v_ApplyEyeMakeup_g01_c02 0
database/ucf101/train/ApplyEyeMakeup/v_ApplyEyeMakeup_g01_c03 0
database/ucf101/train/ApplyLipstick/v_ApplyLipstick_g01_c01 1
database/ucf101/train/ApplyLipstick/v_ApplyLipstick_g01_c02 1
database/ucf101/train/ApplyLipstick/v_ApplyLipstick_g01_c03 1
database/ucf101/train/Archery/v_Archery_g01_c01 2
database/ucf101/train/Archery/v_Archery_g01_c02 2
database/ucf101/train/Archery/v_Archery_g01_c03 2
database/ucf101/train/Archery/v_Archery_g01_c04 2
database/ucf101/train/BabyCrawling/v_BabyCrawling_g01_c01 3
database/ucf101/train/BabyCrawling/v_BabyCrawling_g01_c02 3
database/ucf101/train/BabyCrawling/v_BabyCrawling_g01_c03 3
database/ucf101/train/BabyCrawling/v_BabyCrawling_g01_c04 3
database/ucf101/train/BalanceBeam/v_BalanceBeam_g01_c01 4
database/ucf101/train/BalanceBeam/v_BalanceBeam_g01_c02 4
database/ucf101/train/BalanceBeam/v_BalanceBeam_g01_c03 4
database/ucf101/train/BalanceBeam/v_BalanceBeam_g01_c04 4
...
```
5. If you want to test my pre-trained model, you need to download my model from here: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/8wcjrcadx4r31ux/AAAkz3dQ706pPO8ZavrztRCca?dl=0

## Run command:

1. `python train_c3d_ucf101.py` will train C3D model. The trained model will saved in `models` directory.
2. `python predict_c3d_ucf101.py` will test C3D model on a validation data set.

## Experiment result:

Top-1 accuracy of 72.6% should be achieved for the validation dataset with this code and pre-trained from the sports1M model. You can download my pretrained UCF101 model and mean file from here:
https://www.dropbox.com/sh/8wcjrcadx4r31ux/AAAkz3dQ706pPO8ZavrztRCca?dl=0

## References:

- Thanks the author [Du tran][4]'s code: [C3D-caffe][5]
- [C3D: Generic Features for Video Analysis][6]


[1]: https://www.tensorflow.org/
[2]: http://pillow.readthedocs.io/en/3.1.x/reference/Image.html
[3]: http://crcv.ucf.edu/data/UCF101.php
[4]: https://github.com/dutran
[5]: https://github.com/facebook/C3D
[6]: http://vlg.cs.dartmouth.edu/c3d/
